-[Saki] Shima.
-[gasp]
Hey, Saki... Hey, Yuki...
Sorry, Misae didn't come
to school today.
Yeah, she called Saki this
morning and said she had a cold.
We thought you knew.
I hope you weren't waiting
out here too long.
No, it's okay...
So something did
happen, after all.
It's not like Misae to skip
school, even if she is sick.
Probably something with
Igarashi, right?
[Saki] I see...
So, he turned her down.
[Yuki sighs] Poor Misae...
-But you know what, Shima?
-Hm?
As much as I hate to see Misae
get her heart broken,
I think a guy like you suits her
a lot better than Igarashi.
If you could just talk to her,
I bet she would cheer up.
We'll get her to come
to the park later.
[sigh]
Oh...
-Sagara...
-[gasp]
Shima, what are
you doing here?
Um, Sagara, I...
I mean, Misae, I, uh...
What is it?
Love is like the fireworks
of days long past,
don't you think?
What do you mean?
Boom! You can't appreciate
its true beauty
until it bursts.
Are you picking
a fight with me, or what?!
Sorry, sorry!
[sigh]
Um... here...
you can use this.
Use it for what?
I'm not crying.
Oh, uh... Then use it when you
run out of toilet paper.
Are you trying to be nice or are
you just trying to piss me off?!
Why are you being
so weird, huh?
I bet Yuki and Saki
put you up to this.
Oh, could you tell?
You're not the type to use
cheesy pickup lines like that.
Why don't you try
saying something
from the heart instead?
Uh, let's see...
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing
this time?
Because...
because I think it's probably
my fault that you're sad,
at least on some level.
What's that supposed
to mean?
What makes you think you
did something wrong?
Wait, I take that back.
You've done pretty much
everything wrong...
I'm really sorry!
Anyway, it's not all the
stupid stuff you've done
that I'm depressed about.
This really has nothing
to do with you.
I see...
Wait, don't tell me you're
thinking this is your big chance
to make me fall
in love with you.
Like we were talking about
yesterday, I mean.
That's not fair, Misae. I wasn't
thinking about that at all.
No, you're right.
You just came here to do me
a favor, like you said before.
You're not in love
with me or anything,
you're just doing what you
think is right, aren't you?
-That's not true, either!
-Huh?
Well, okay then...
So I guess... you are in
love with me, after all?
I guess...
Well... that settles it.
By the way,
what do you like about me?
Even if you scold me
all the time...
I know it's only
because you care about me.
Oh, and when you do those
wrestling moves on me...
you smell really nice
and sweet.
I like that.
I think I could've done
without that last part.
Sorry.
You don't need to apologize.
[Shima sighs]
Um...
Thank you.
You're welcome.
My pleasure...
[Saki]
Misae!
[laughs] Hey, you free today?
I heard there's a new ice cream
parlor across from the station.
You wanna go
check it out with us?
Sorry! I can't go today.
Look. He's been waiting
out there all day.
I'd feel bad if I left him
hanging
and went off with you guys.
See ya.
It looks like those two
are getting along.
She sure perked up,
that's for sure.
[Shima]
Student council president?
That's right. I know it doesn't
seem like it, but that's me.
And the first female president
at the school, too.
Wow, Misae, that's amazing!
The Autumn Festival's right
around the corner.
I have to help out
at the school,
so I'm afraid I'm a
little busy right now.
Sorry, I wish we could spend
a bit more time together.
Autumn Festival?
By the way...
I was thinking,
if you weren't too busy,
maybe you and I could
check it out together.
Like a date?
[Shima] Hey, guys, I don't think
she's gonna fall for this.
[student] She's cute!
[Saki] Don't worry!
You look great!
[Shima] I see.
Misae's busy today, huh?
Yep. She's got another
student council meeting.
So, she told us to tell you
that she was going to be late.
Hmm...
I wish I could see her at work.
I bet she's really cool.
[gasps]
[malicious chuckles]
Uh...
[Yuki] Seriously...
He turned out so cute,
it's kinda starting
to piss me off.
[rock and roll yell]
♪I love you, baby,
you drive me crazy♪
[Saki] Don't worry,
that's just Yoshino.
And he's popular with
the ladies, as usual.
[student] Hey there.
What class are you in?
Are you a transfer student?
Haven't seen you here.
How 'bout I give you a little
tour of the school?
[Saki] Oh, uh, thanks but no
thanks. Actually, she's with us.
[Yuki] You don't need
to go to the trouble.
Oh, come on, ladies,
don't by shy.
It's not like I'm hitting on
her, I'm just trying to be nice!
Really, I think we're fine.
-Run away! This is your chance!
-Tell me your name.
-What class are you in?
-I'm telling you, we're fine!
Hey, wait a second, come back!
I just wanna talk!
[Misae] Next on the agenda...
Students bringing in guitars
and making noise
in the classrooms.
I don't mind if they want
to sing quietly...
But maybe they should apply for
a club permit.
[Shima] She's so cool...
Do you have some business
with the student council?
There's no need to be so shy,
you can go inside if you like.
There's no rule against it;
they're just having a meeting.
Um, yeah, but I, uh, well...
-So I think-
-Excuse me, Sagara...
Oh, Miss Ibuki...
I'm sorry for interrupting.
This girl wants to talk to you.
Go on, speak up...
Hm?
Oh my gosh, you're so cute!
Sorry if I kept you
waiting too long.
No, it's fine. Th-thank you.
Anyway, what did you
want to talk about?
Don't hold back,
you can say anything.
It's the student council's job
to listen to whatever the
students have to say.
I, uh...
Hm?
I'll just say it then.
Misae, I...
I want to spend the
rest of my life with you...
Right by your side.
I'm sorry... What kind of
relationship do you two have?
[awkward laugh]
I think I'd better go!
[laughing]
Wow, that was the funniest
thing I've ever seen.
It's not funny at all!
I wonder if she knew
it was me or not.
It's all right, don't worry!
[Yuki] But that
made me wonder...
do you think Misae
likes you better that way?
I hope that's supposed
to be a joke!
Oh, that's right.
I'd forgotten...
[Saki] Hey, Shima,
are you busy right now?
Huh?
Saki and I were cooking up
a little plan, that's all.
If you're not busy, could we
go over to your house, please?
What?!
[Saki] I see. Misae hasn't
been to your house yet?
That's funny!
[Yuki] Wow, you know,
I was gonna brag about going
over to Shima's house
while she was at school,
but this is even better!
[laughing]
[Shima sighs]
Is something wrong?
We don't have to tell Misae...
No... That's not that.
For some reason I can't remember
where my house is.
[Saki] Hey, come on...
it's right over here!
Don't joke around like that,
it's not funny! Jeez!
[door opens]
[gasp]
Oh, hello, may I help you?
Hello!
Hey, what's wrong?
Stop spacing out and say hello!
I see.
Are you Katsuki's friends?
Yes, ma'am!
I didn't know.
Thank you for coming
all this way.
Make yourselves at home.
You can offer him some incense
at the altar, if you like.
[gasp]
That's right...
I remember now.
The real Katsuki Shima
isn't here anymore.
I... I'm not actually
Katsuki Shima...
-Hey, wait!
-Ah!
[Yuki] Hey, Shima,
what's going on?
[Saki] It's okay if you
don't want to tell us.
Yeah, is there anything
we can do for you?
Hey, At the very least,
remember this.
We believe you. We know you
must have your reasons.
It doesn't matter what happened.
To us, you're the one
and only Shima.
That's right,
you're still our friend
and that's all that matters.
Thank you.
[Yuki] Don't worry,
we won't say anything to Misae.
[Saki] You can tell her
whatever you need to tell her.
We'll leave it up to you.
I finally remembered.
I'm not Katsuki Shima at all.
He was someone
very special to me.
Someone I spent
a long time with.
I can see his face...
I remember his words...
But he's gone now.
He entrusted me
with his final wish.
The reason I came here
was to grant him that wish.
And now that I've seen the
world through his eyes...
I understand why
it was so important.
Oh! You finally made it!
Yeah... Sorry I'm late!
Nah. It's fine.
The way I see it, it your turn
to make me wait for a change.
[Misae chuckles]
That girl at the meeting
yesterday was you, right?
You figured it out?
Of course I did!
We see each other every day!
I'm sorry...
Was I bothering you?
It's fine. I bet Yuki and Saki
put you up to it, anyway.
[Misae] A wish?
Uh-huh.
I can't forget, that's
the reason I came here.
Look, inside this, there's
a light that grants wishes.
Oh no... it's gone...
Maybe there wasn't anything
in there to begin with.
Maybe that means I don't
need a wish after all,
or maybe it's already
been granted.
Either way, let's not dwell on
this whole wish thing;
all that matters is that
we're both happy.
But this...
this is really important.
Well, if you insist.
Oh... I know!
Did you think of something?
Mm-hmm. I sure did.
'Kay, this is it.
Here comes the wish you've been
dying to hear for so long.
Ready?
I wish...
for you to stay by my side
and love me forever.
[gasp]
Just like you said...
I want you here...
loving me and caring for
me forever and ever.
So, there you have it. My wish.
[gasp]
I'm sorry, did I surprise you?
I love her.
I love her so much...
I know we didn't
spend long together,
but every moment was priceless.
I like Yuki and Saki, too.
All these memories...
I really wish the four of us
could stay together forever.
[laughing]
I was just copying what you
said yesterday, you know.
Come on, why are you
crying so much?
I'm sorry...
I really have to look
after you, don't I?
Misae...
Hmm?
Thank you.
Thank you so much,
for everything.
Ah...
Uh, I, uh...
I'm going to get something
to drink, okay?
I'll be right back.
[quiet sobbing]
[worried sigh]
Why is he...
Shima!
[inaudible]
I don't... What are you saying?
Shima, wait!
[Shima] Good bye, Misae.
I'm sorry.
I'll do my best to
grant your wish.
My feelings will never fade.
I'll love you
forever and ever...
[Misae] Yeah, I came back.
That's right. The boy's dorm.
No, I don't have any plans
like that right now.
[chuckling]
It's not 'cause I'm still
thinking of him,
it's just, you know...
Well, what can you say, like it
or not, that's my life, right?
Mm-hmm. Of course.
I'd love to meet up sometime.
We'll invite Yuki, too. Bye.
Don't suppose there's much hope
of getting rid of you
at this point.
Do you like being
with me that much?
[meow]
I'm not really at all fond
of cats, to be honest with you.
[meow]
It can't be.
Wow, I almost got lost in a
fairytale for a second there.
[meow]
You're a weird cat...
you know that?
[Nagisa] Tomoya...
Tomoya, wake up!
I never knew you and the cat
had so much in common!
It's getting late, Tomoya.
We should get going.
Ah, yeah...
Thank you so much.
I'm sorry we ended up
staying so late.
[Misae] No, it's fine.
Just make sure you two go to
the Autumn Festival,
like I said.
[Nagisa] Okay!
Were you the one who
showed me that dream?
[meow]
[chuckle]
You already had a name
after all, didn't you?
I get it, you want me to tell
Misae something for you, right?
[Nagisa] Earth to Tomoya...
-What's wrong?
-Huh?
It seems like you've had
something on your mind
since last night.
Yeah. There's something
I need to tell Misae,
but I don't quite know how.
Huh?
[gasp]
Misae's kitty came
to the festival, too!
So what's the deal?
Don't tell me you have
something else you wanna say.
[meow]
[Misae] Furukawa...
And her boyfriend!
Oh, Misae!
Glad you could make it!
Ah, thank goodness
you caught him!
-Oh! I'm out of breath!
-I have a name, you know.
You don't have to call me
"Furukawa's boyfriend."
I have to admit, Misae,
it's pretty strange
bringing your cat
to a festival.
You got it all wrong.
He ran out of the dorm all of
a sudden and wouldn't stop.
I had to chase him all
the way to the festival.
Honestly, what was he thinking?
[meowing]
I really have to look
after him, don't I?
[meowing]
What's wrong?
Get out of there!
-Come on!
-[Tomoya] I'm not surprised.
-We're going home!
-He probably wanted to come
to this festival with you
for a long time.
Last night, when I fell
asleep at your place,
I heard him speaking to me.
He said he was sorry.
He wanted to stay with you
until the end of the festival.
Did he...
Did he say anything else?
Yeah. He also said he'd stay
by your side and love you,
just like you wished.
I don't remember saying I'd take
a cat on a date.
You've been so bad...
running me around.
But... for once...
Let's just have fun.
Also, Misae,
there's one more thing he said.
Hm?
He said, no matter what,
he wants you to be happy.
Go figure.
That's the kind of guy he is.
All this time...
he's been worried
about you, Misae.
Worried? I see.
I guess you're right.
He is that kind of guy.
[chuckle]
You were right,
I'm not old yet.
I should enjoy my youth.
Tomoya, I don't get it.
Don't worry.
It was just a dream.
I think you'd like
to hear about it, though.
It's a little bittersweet...
but I think it's a
wonderful love story.
[festival chatter]
[Shima] Katsuki...
I hope you can hear me.
I have a different master now.
She's kind and sweet,
smart and pretty.
I love her very much.
But sometimes I worry.
Is this what you wanted?
Did I fulfill my goal?
Was I able to keep
my promise to you?
When you told me
to grant her wish...
was this what
you had in mind?
It's been so long...
I can't remember anymore.
But I don't want this to end.
Please let me stay this way...
please let me be with her.
I want to make her wish
come true...
[meow]
[chuckle]
I want to stay by her side.
I want to love her
and care for her...
forever and ever.
Little Bastard.
Miyazawa!
I don't get it.
What's he doing?
It's just a lame excuse
to look tough.
In the rare event that he
finds someone weaker than him,
he can't wait to rub
it in their face.
You've committed yourself
to this. Come with us.